Prof. Dr. Bibhuti Ranjan Jha is the head of the Department of Environmental Science and Engineering (DESE). He is the best person to contact if you want to know more about Environmental Science and Engineering. You can contact him via e-mail: bibhuti@ku.edu.np or you can always him in person inside KU premises.
You can always see Prof. Dr. Bibhuti Ranjan Jha in person inside KU premises, also you can contact him through his e-mail: bibhuti@ku.edu.np. 
You can contact Prof. Dr. Bibhuti Ranjan Jha through his e-mail: bibhuti@ku.edu.np

Dr. Samir Shrestha is the coordinator of COMPUTATIONAL MATHEMATICS (A new course recently introduced in KU). You can contact him if you want to know more about COMPUTATIONAL MATHEMATICS and if you have some mathematical queries. 
You can find Dr. Samir Shrestha in the Department of Mathematics.
You can contact Dr. Samir Shrestha through is e-mail: samirstha@ku.edu.np

Prof. Dr. Dil Bahadur Gurung is the head of the Department of Natural Sciences (DONS). He is the reliable person to get informations about all the programs of the Department of Natural Sciences. You can also see him if you have some mathematical queries.
You can see Prof. Dr. Dil Bahadur Gurung in his cabin (HOD’s office of the Department of Natural Sciences).
You can contact Prof. Dr. Dil Bahadur Gurung through his e-mail: db_gurung@ku.edu.np

Prof. Dr. Kanhaiya Jha is the dean of the School of Science. He is the right person to meet to discuss about certain programs and its prospectus in the market as he is well informed and one of the oldest member associated with KU right from the start. You can also see him if you have some mathematical queries.
You can see Prof. Dr. Kanhaiya Jha in the dean office of School of Science.
You can contact Prof. Dr. Kanhaiya Jha through his e-mail: kusos_dean@ku.edu.np or jhakn@ku.edu.np
  
Mrs. Sangita Shakya is the head of the Department of Biotechnology. She is the best person to contact if you want to know more about Biotechnology.
You can always meet Mrs. Sangita Shakya in the Department of Biotechnology.
You can contact Mrs. Sangita Shakya via her e-mail: sangita@ku.edu.np
 
Dr. Bal Krishna Bal is the head of the Department of Computer Science and Engineering. He is the right person to contact to get more information about Computer Science and Engineering and its need in outside market. You can also see him if have computer related queries.
You can meet Dr. Bal Krishna Bal in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering.
You can contact Dr. Bal Krishna Bal through his e-mail: bal@ku.edu.np

Dr. Daniel Tuladhar is the head of the Department of Mechanical Engineering (DOME). He is the right person to contact to get information about Mechanical Engineering.
You can meet Dr. Daniel Tuladhar in the Department of Mechanical Engineering’s HOD office.
You can contact Dr. Daniel Tuladhar through his e-mail:  daniel@ku.edu.np

Dr. Prachanda Man Pradhan is the head of the Department of Civil and Geomatics Engineering. He is the right person to contact to get more information about Civil and Geomatics Engineering.
You can meet Dr. Prachanda Man Pradhan in the Department of Civil and Geomatics Engineering’s HOD office.
You can meet Dr. Prachanda Man Pradhan in person in the Department of Civil and Geomatics Engineering. For more information about him please visit the official KU website ku.edu.np
 
Dr. Rajendra Joshi is the head of the Department of Chemical Engineering. He is the best person to contact to get information about Chemical Engineering.
You can find Dr. Rajendra Joshi in the HOD’s office of Chemical Engineering.
You can contact Dr. Rajendra Joshi via email: rajendra.joshi@ku.edu.np

Mr. Diwakar Bista is the head of the Department of Electrical and Electronics Engineering. He is the right person to contact to know more about Electrical Engineering.
You can see Mr. Diwakar Bista in the Department of Electrical and Electronics Engineering’s HOD office.
You can meet Mr.  Diwakar Bista in the Department of Electrical and Electronics Engineering. For more information about him please visit the official KU website ku.edu.np

